c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\RealTimeChart.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\RealTimeChart.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\obj\Debug\RealTimeChart.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\obj\Debug\RealTimeChart.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\obj\Debug\RealTimeChart.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\RealTimeChart.dll.config
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\RealTimeChart.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\RealTimeChart.pdb
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Mono.Math.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Mono.Math.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\obj\Debug\RealTimeChart.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\obj\Debug\RealTimeChart.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\obj\Debug\RealTimeChart.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\RealTimeChart\obj\Debug\RealTimeChart.pdb
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\RealTimeChart.dll.config
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\RealTimeChart.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\RealTimeChart.pdb
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Owin.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Mono.Math.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\bin\Mono.Math.xml
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\obj\Debug\RealTimeChart.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\obj\Debug\RealTimeChart.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\obj\Debug\RealTimeChart.dll
D:\tmp\RealTimeChart_V2\RealTimeChart\obj\Debug\RealTimeChart.pdb
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\RealTimeChart.dll.config
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\RealTimeChart.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\RealTimeChart.pdb
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Owin.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Mono.Math.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\bin\Mono.Math.xml
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\obj\Debug\RealTimeChart.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\obj\Debug\RealTimeChart.dll
D:\realtimeChart\RealTimeChart\obj\Debug\RealTimeChart.pdb
